# Multi-layered Defense
## English
### Introduction(being modified)
  In the year of 2015, targeted threat became a hit topic in Japan, for simple single layered defense became not enough to defense all the cyber security threats.  
  
  The basic concept of multi-layered defense is to set multiple walls to defence cyber attack. No matter how complete the security policy/method is, there is always a posibility that the attack or hack can penetrate the defence boundary and keep on access the essential data inside a system.  
  
  The premise of this concept is __Penatrations are possible, and there is not 100 percent secured system__, any security method is not secured, as long as one defense boundary was passed, there should be always another way to keep the treate away from the system core.  
  
  For instance, the network was petrenated but the user end device can still prevent from being attack. The network defence was hacked but the information was still well protected and reaction could be taken on time.  
  
### Category
  The categorization differs in different countries or even in different companies.  
  Basically, the security methods are categorized into 3 different fields.
  - Network Security
  - Endpoint Cyber-Security
  - Incident Reaction
  
  </br>
  In different field, there are different types of method to prevent system being attacked.
  The basic structure is like the graph below.
  
  To be completed.
  
  #### Phrase
  _SIEM: System Information and Event Management_  
  _IDS: Intrusion Detection System_  
  _IPS: Intrusion Prevention System_  
  _VPN: Virtual Private Network_  
  _UTM: Unified Threat Management_  

## Network security

### Firewall
  ```
  Firewall is a technical barrier for cyber security. It is a network security system that monitors adn controls incoming and outgoing network traffic based on predetermined security rules.
```
  This concept is simple and there is no more explaination.  
  
  
### IDS/IPS
  **IDS** stands for **Intrusion Detection System** and **IPS** stands for **Intrusion Prevention Systsm**
  #### Difference
  The difference between **IPS** and **IDS** is
  - IDS is a system that detects the intrusion (unauthorized access) and report to the administrator as long as the intrusion is detected.
  - IPS is a system that prevents intrusion. It is often used to enhance the defense from a firewall.
  
  
### UTM

### Sandbox

### Next-Gen Firewall

### Gateway Anti-Virus

### URL Filtering
  
  
  

## Reference/参考文献/参考资料
[特集：セキュリティソリューションマップ（1）：いまさら聞けない「境界」防御](https://www.atmarkit.co.jp/ait/articles/1602/02/news037.html)
